Statement of Truth: I understand that my overriding duty is to the court, both in preparing reports and in giving oral evidence. I have complied and will continue to comply with that duty. I am aware of the requirements of Part 35 and practice direction 35, the protocol for instructing experts to give evidence in civil claims and the practice direction on pre-action conduct. I have set out in my report that I understand from those instructing me to be the questions in respect of which my opinions as an expert are required. I have done my best in preparing this report, to be accurate and complete. I have mentioned all matters which I regard as relevant to the opinions I have expressed. All matters I have expressed an opinion on lie within my expertise. I have drawn to the attention of the court all matters, of which I am aware, which might adversely affect my opinion. Wherever I have no personal knowledge, I have indicated the source if information. I have not included anything in this report which has been suggested to me by anyone, including the lawyers instructing me, without forming my own independent view of the matter. Where, in my view, there is a range of reasonable opinions, I have indicated the extent of that range in the report. At the time of signing the report I considered it to be complete and accurate. I will notify those instructing me if, for any reason, I subsequently consider that the report requires any correction or qualification. I understand that this report will be evidence that I will give under oath, subject to any correction or qualification I may make before swearing to its veracity. I have included in this report a summary of my instructions. I have not entered into any agreement where the amount of payment of my fee is in any way dependent on the outcome of the case, I confirm that I have made clear which facts and matters referred to in this report are within my own knowledge and which are not. Those that are within my own knowledge I confirm to be true. The opinions I have expressed represent my true and complete professional opinions on the matters to which Claimant refer. I understand that proceedings for contempt of court may be brought against anyone who makes, or causes to be made, a false statement in a document verified by a statement of truth without an honest belief in its truth. Signature: Date :